_information/contact_us.md, before:

---
title: "Contact Us"
excerpt: "How to get in touch"
toc: true
header:
  overlay_image: /assets/images/blurred_bulletin.webp
  teaser: /assets/images/blurred_bulletin.webp
date: 2022-01-15
last_modified_at: 2023-06-30
---


# Contact Us

ANNUNCIATION OF THE LORD CATHOLIC CHURCH
3910 Spring Avenue SW
Decatur, AL 35603

## Church Office

- Phone Menu
  - [(256) 353-2667](tel:+12563532667)
- Office Phone
  - [(256) 353-2667 x 101](tel:+12563532667p101)
- Office Fax
  - `(256) 353-8994`
- Spiritual Emergencies
  - [(256) 306-9811 - bilingual](tel:+12563069811)
  - [(256) 686-0096 English](tel:+12566860096)
- Email
  - [parish@annunlord.com](mailto:parish@annunlord.com)

OFFICE HOURS:

- Monday – Thursday
  - 8:00 AM – 4:00 PM;
- Friday
  - 8:00 AM – Noon

## PARISH STAFF

### PASTOR - Father Charles Merrill

- Office Hours
  - Tuesdays & Thursdays 2:00-6:00 PM
- Office Phone
  - [(256) 353-2667 x 120](tel:+12563532667p120)
- Email
  - [pastor@annunlord.com](mailto:pastor@annunlord.com)

### Parochial Vicar - Father Charles Deering

- Office Hours
  - Monday & Wednesday 1:00-5:00 PM
- Office Phone
  - [(256) 353-2667 x 131](tel:+12563532667p131)
- Email
  - [padre@annunlord.com](mailto:padre@annunlord.com)

### CHURCH SECRETARY - Anne Palmer (mornings), Carolina Chambers(afternoons)

- Office Phone
  - [(256) 353-2667 x 101](tel:+12563532667p101)
- Email
  - [parish@annunlord.com](mailto:parish@annunlord.com)

### COORDINATOR OF HISPANIC MINISTRY - Alma Uriostegui

- Office Phone
  - [(256) 353-2667 x 107](tel:+12563532667p107)
- Email
  - [hispanicoffice@annunlord.com](mailto:hispanicoffice@annunlord.com)

### DIRECTOR OF RELIGIOUS EDUCATION - Liz Shroer

- Office Phone
  - [(256) 353-2667 x 108](tel:+12563532667p108)
- Email
  - [religion@saintanndecatur.org](mailto:religion@saintanndecatur.org)

### OPERATIONS COORDINATOR - Jan Gile

- Office Phone
  - [(256) 353-2667 x 148](tel:+12563532667p148)
- Email
  - [jgile@annunlord.com](mailto:jgile@annunlord.com)

### MUSIC DIRECTOR - Ashleigh Russell

- Email
  - [music@saintanndecatur.org](mailto:music@saintanndecatur.org)

### WEDDING COORDINATOR - Kris Staudt

- Phone
  - [(256) 509-1442](tel:+12565091442)

### FACILITIES MANAGER - Arvel Childers

- Office Phone
  - [(256) 353-2667 x 109](tel:+12563532667p109)
- Email
  - [facilitiesmgr@annunlord.com](mailto:facilitiesmgr@annunlord.com)

### FINANCE MANAGER - Nancy Carlisle

- Office Phone
  - [(256) 353-2667 x 121](tel:+12563532667p121)
- Email
  - [financemgr@annunlord.com](mailto:financemgr@annunlord.com)

### FINANCIAL ASSISTANT / Youth Minister - Carolina Chambers

- Office Phone
  - [(256) 353-2667 x 103](tel:+12563532667p103)
- Email
  - [bookkeeper@annunlord.com](mailto:bookkeeper@annunlord.com)

### CUSTODIAN - Maria Gonzalez

## DEACONS

- Deacon Patrick Lappert [(256) 221-8844](tel:+12562218844)
- Deacon Lou Sciaroni [(256) 355-3363](tel:+12563553363)
- Deacon Bob Catanach [(256) 604-6865](tel:+12566046865)

## Our Diocese

Diocese of Birmingham in Alabama
2121 3rd Avenue North (35203)
P. O. Box 12047
Birmingham, AL 35202-2047

[(205) 838-8322](tel:+12058388322)

[www.bhmdiocese.org](https://www.bhmdiocese.org)

## United States Conference of Catholic Bishops

United States Conference of Catholic Bishops
3211 Fourth Street NE
Washington DC 20017

[(202) 541-3000](tel:+12025413000)

[www.usccb.org](https://www.usccb.org)

# Who To Contact

## Baptism

Pre-Baptism classes in English are usually held on the 2nd Saturday of the month from 8:30-9:30 AM. Pre-registration is required. Contact the Parish Office to register and to verify the date and time of the class.

## Marriage

Arrangements must be made 6 months in advance.
Call Parish Office.

## Annointing of the Sick or Sick Calls

To schedule, please call the Parish Office including
if a family member is in the hospital.

## Funerals

Please contact the Parish Office before making
funeral home arrangements.

## OCIA (Formerly RCIA)

Thursdays, 6:30-7:30 PM September - April.
Please contact the Parish Office.

For more information on what OCIA is, check out [this link](https://www.usccb.org/beliefs-and-teachings/who-we-teach/christian-initiation-of-adults) from the USCCB.

## Problem with the website?

Please leave an issue on the [GitHub, here.](https://github.com/annunlord/annunlord.github.io/issues)

Or, by email [wsciaroni+annunlord@protonmail.com](mailto:wsciaroni+annunlord@protonmail.com).

Commit message:

Add St. Vincent DePaul phone number

_information/contact_us.md, after:

---
title: "Contact Us"
excerpt: "How to get in touch"
toc: true
header:
  overlay_image: /assets/images/blurred_bulletin.webp
  teaser: /assets/images/blurred_bulletin.webp
date: 2022-01-15
last_modified_at: 2023-06-30
---


# Contact Us

ANNUNCIATION OF THE LORD CATHOLIC CHURCH
3910 Spring Avenue SW
Decatur, AL 35603

## Church Office

- Phone Menu
  - [(256) 353-2667](tel:+12563532667)
- Office Phone
  - [(256) 353-2667 x 101](tel:+12563532667p101)
- Office Fax
  - `(256) 353-8994`
- Spiritual Emergencies
  - [(256) 306-9811 - bilingual](tel:+12563069811)
  - [(256) 686-0096 English](tel:+12566860096)
- Email
  - [parish@annunlord.com](mailto:parish@annunlord.com)

OFFICE HOURS:

- Monday – Thursday
  - 8:00 AM – 4:00 PM;
- Friday
  - 8:00 AM – Noon

## PARISH STAFF

### PASTOR - Father Charles Merrill

- Office Hours
  - Tuesdays & Thursdays 2:00-6:00 PM
- Office Phone
  - [(256) 353-2667 x 120](tel:+12563532667p120)
- Email
  - [pastor@annunlord.com](mailto:pastor@annunlord.com)

### Parochial Vicar - Father Charles Deering

- Office Hours
  - Monday & Wednesday 1:00-5:00 PM
- Office Phone
  - [(256) 353-2667 x 131](tel:+12563532667p131)
- Email
  - [padre@annunlord.com](mailto:padre@annunlord.com)

### CHURCH SECRETARY - Anne Palmer (mornings), Carolina Chambers(afternoons)

- Office Phone
  - [(256) 353-2667 x 101](tel:+12563532667p101)
- Email
  - [parish@annunlord.com](mailto:parish@annunlord.com)

### COORDINATOR OF HISPANIC MINISTRY - Alma Uriostegui

- Office Phone
  - [(256) 353-2667 x 107](tel:+12563532667p107)
- Email
  - [hispanicoffice@annunlord.com](mailto:hispanicoffice@annunlord.com)

### DIRECTOR OF RELIGIOUS EDUCATION - Liz Shroer

- Office Phone
  - [(256) 353-2667 x 108](tel:+12563532667p108)
- Email
  - [religion@saintanndecatur.org](mailto:religion@saintanndecatur.org)

### OPERATIONS COORDINATOR - Jan Gile

- Office Phone
  - [(256) 353-2667 x 148](tel:+12563532667p148)
- Email
  - [jgile@annunlord.com](mailto:jgile@annunlord.com)

### MUSIC DIRECTOR - Ashleigh Russell

- Email
  - [music@saintanndecatur.org](mailto:music@saintanndecatur.org)

### WEDDING COORDINATOR - Kris Staudt

- Phone
  - [(256) 509-1442](tel:+12565091442)

### FACILITIES MANAGER - Arvel Childers

- Office Phone
  - [(256) 353-2667 x 109](tel:+12563532667p109)
- Email
  - [facilitiesmgr@annunlord.com](mailto:facilitiesmgr@annunlord.com)

### FINANCE MANAGER - Nancy Carlisle

- Office Phone
  - [(256) 353-2667 x 121](tel:+12563532667p121)
- Email
  - [financemgr@annunlord.com](mailto:financemgr@annunlord.com)

### FINANCIAL ASSISTANT / Youth Minister - Carolina Chambers

- Office Phone
  - [(256) 353-2667 x 103](tel:+12563532667p103)
- Email
  - [bookkeeper@annunlord.com](mailto:bookkeeper@annunlord.com)

### CUSTODIAN - Maria Gonzalez

## DEACONS

- Deacon Patrick Lappert [(256) 221-8844](tel:+12562218844)
- Deacon Lou Sciaroni [(256) 355-3363](tel:+12563553363)
- Deacon Bob Catanach [(256) 604-6865](tel:+12566046865)

## St. Vincent DePaul

For financial help or assitance with Food, Please call
- [(256) 353-2667 x 502](tel:+12563532667p502)

## Our Diocese

Diocese of Birmingham in Alabama
2121 3rd Avenue North (35203)
P. O. Box 12047
Birmingham, AL 35202-2047

[(205) 838-8322](tel:+12058388322)

[www.bhmdiocese.org](https://www.bhmdiocese.org)

## United States Conference of Catholic Bishops

United States Conference of Catholic Bishops
3211 Fourth Street NE
Washington DC 20017

[(202) 541-3000](tel:+12025413000)

[www.usccb.org](https://www.usccb.org)

# Who To Contact

## Baptism

Pre-Baptism classes in English are usually held on the 2nd Saturday of the month from 8:30-9:30 AM. Pre-registration is required. Contact the Parish Office to register and to verify the date and time of the class.

## Marriage

Arrangements must be made 6 months in advance.
Call Parish Office.

## Annointing of the Sick or Sick Calls

To schedule, please call the Parish Office including
if a family member is in the hospital.

## Funerals

Please contact the Parish Office before making
funeral home arrangements.

## OCIA (Formerly RCIA)

Thursdays, 6:30-7:30 PM September - April.
Please contact the Parish Office.

For more information on what OCIA is, check out [this link](https://www.usccb.org/beliefs-and-teachings/who-we-teach/christian-initiation-of-adults) from the USCCB.

## Problem with the website?

Please leave an issue on the [GitHub, here.](https://github.com/annunlord/annunlord.github.io/issues)

Or, by email [wsciaroni+annunlord@protonmail.com](mailto:wsciaroni+annunlord@protonmail.com).
